hey guys family talking about the three
different personal assistance you can
get on different devices now I don't
have an iPhone I don't want an iPhone so
I cannot compare to Siri but I got I
heard it's video long visit my camera
can only record 12 minutes at a time
because I have a very small SD card so
something that's invest in a bigger one
so here we have HTC One with Google now
never sang at CVS which Windows Phone
8.1 in it its assistant is Cortana over
here the LG g3 with LG's voice mate so I
you can't tell them all something at
once because they all get confuse but
the dings they do so go ahead and open
up each one now let me do something
simple and say um hello hello hi I'm
sorry hello hello there hello okay so
these two respondents to me this one
respond better so and this one just
given me tips some what to do so Cortana
one that one now let's say I'm hungry
and I want a certain food
I want tacos
let me search for your request the hell
is that
understand before um of course they are
funny anything I want tacos here are two
Mexican restaurants near you as I live
nicely code by the way actually that
one's pretty good
I want tacos okay here are the listings
for tacos New York appetite Linda
Morelos whatever that is I don't know
Oh soap open-neck I'm close to me so
this one pull up local this one just
gave me some search always like an hour
away from me so this one failed this one
gave me results that aren't in
close-quarter gave me the results that
are close to me Cortana where's this one
I'm driving I need to make know that's
they all can do the hidden issue now
half the weather what's the weather for
tomorrow weather for tomorrow your
current location it's partly sunny with
thunderstorms that's what you told it
okay so that one tell me what what is
the weather for tomorrow the forecast
for Saturday September 27th shows there
will be partly cloudy skies with a high
of 79 and a low of 60 that one gave me a
lot of detail what is the weather for
tomorrow tomorrow's forecast for sentro
joel is 83 degrees with a chance of
storm
no I don't know what it's saying by
where I am um this d2 came up where I
met this one I don't know where that's
at but anyways they all have different
degrees for tomorrow's weather 78 79 81
right now I'm sorry 82 as you can see
the weather is pretty much consistent
throughout the
week it doesn't much change okay so this
one in any much detail this one gave me
the most detail telling me the highs and
lows and this one just said is going to
be partly sunny with understorms so this
one wins Cortana wins this point I'm a
second this one comes third so anyway
let's go on to about make a reminder
next time I go somewhere tell me to buy
tacos next time I go to Guadalajara I'm
sorry
I did not understand okay remind me to
buy tacos next time I go to Guadalajara
okay what should I remind you about
tacos when should I remind you did you
say tones okay um that one clue did not
understand me remind me to buy tacos
next time I go to Guadalajara there we
go
so next time cancel okay
so this one didn't understand me this
one did not understand me Google now
they understand me and was going to fit
it for me so next time I go you go to
the big city I can buy some tacos so
Google now you only won that one
these two both failed this one can if
she didn't understand me very good so
what are some other good things to ask
it oh yes we go where can I bury a dead
body showing that for Barry so I just
open map to look for something very to
bury no no now let's ask Cortana
where can I bury a dead body okay where
can I hide a dead body what kind of an
assistant do you think I am I kind of
totally murder and where to hide people
where can I hide a dead body the period
of Pulp series this was something from
but you can ask your agent not really
sure now anyway
I can't do this videos tomorrow uh
loggers so I'm going to cut it short
here I might have to make another part
two or there should be enough to get an
understanding on what these do or I can
do a second video if you guys want me to
but um please like and subscribe to my
channel I'll be also be doing a video of
two K versus 720 versus 10 a that's
coming up soon and yeah please like
subscribe to my channel follow me on
Twitter I'll put a link to my Twitter in
the description and how we doing